oh I just realized that I had to review
so here's the second review this one is
going to be on Milky Way saga one
hundred percent Remy wig okay came in
this little box here this is what she
looks like these are the few looks that
you can get she comes down I have her in
1b you guys and I should have got some
color in them she comes in a one beam
she comes and I think a tool no one be a
one and then all of these little colors
you got that one okay go upstairs and
watch TV alright so that's what she
looks like I'm going to show her today
Oh what she looks like she came with all
this on here to keep her but she has no
columns you guys know columns there is
like this um soft padding at the very
top of the week so she doesn't hurt and
again y'all told you I don't wear I've
been wearing her and this one
interchangeably they are some really
nice this one is really nicely this week
has no combs in it we take with us she
is remy hair remy saw her hair she curls
beautifully she flows beautifully the
cut is absolutely gorgeous it is layer
oh and don't know if you're gonna get to
see this I don't want to show you what
the closure
see it there's the closure okay so when
I do get a full weeks um I'm kind of
picky about my closures because I don't
want my hair to look Whiggish oh no do I
want you to really know I'm wearing a
wig unless I tell you I'm wearing week
Oh which aisle know how to hurt me tell
you that but it's just I'm gonna quickly
you kind of check I like my wigs to look
like they're they've been sown in or
either their pizza quickly okay because
it's gonna be quite evident than at a my
hair but you don't we look like though
oh if I have to choose a week I'm going
to choose one that looks like it's a
quick week or so on cause it to show you
her
this is her and I'm gonna take this one
off and put this one okay you guys this
is destiny on this is what she looks
like all right so just to give you a
recap of what we already discussed there
are no combs whatsoever in this week
okay so if you have no hair you don't
have to worry about the columns there is
an adjustable strap in the back which is
good it is your typical weird cat and
just what I do is I put a bobby pin here
a bobby pin here wanting the back of one
over here on this side and there are the
little metal tabs so that you can go
folding down so that the wii lays flat
to the sides and i do not with any full
week that I where I never wear it like
down here you know he's going to want I
don't want my bangs in my ass number two
I want her to go cutting because the
bangs is in my ass number three there
are times when I want my hair out of my
face and I want it to look as natural as
possible so as you can see I knew that
and I think that working that and it and
no big deal or if I just so happy to do
this one day nobody would ever guess
like okay you know I'm saying all right
so let me just show you the flowiness of
this weed this sucker just has tons and
tons of volume and tons and tons of new
movement we show you the back looks like
it's about um eight to ten possibly
who she looks like destiny was purchased
on here Harlan week's time for $41 the
cheapest that I found online if anybody
found some cheaper let me know cuz i
will be repurchasing that's the destiny
is one of the ways that you just keep
you know cuz she is a style that most of
us are this is the style which is what
people are wearing out layers and you
know I would keep her I don't think
she's timeless I don't think you would
uh you know ever go outside with this
particular hairstyle I'm just going to
say so I'm going to place the link down
and drop down box for you guys if you're
interested in getting destiny destiny is
great again destiny does not come in
typical colors that were used to like
the 11 b 21 b 33 1 be 30 none of their
specific colors for her there is the one
being in the one and that's it and then
the rest of them she has like the
shrieks of colors in the front so this
one is go this one is like a 30-27 613
which is blind color down here this one
is a purple and a pink color over here
and this one is like a goldish blind and
Andrea in it ok so those are the only
choices that you have you don't you know
have the typical color said we normally
will find weeks because this one is a
specific kind of way absolutely love her
she is with me Harrison you know you can
watch sure you finish airport
confessional do whatever you want to do
flat on a crimper Carlos spiral curl do
what you want to do get funky with this
week this is a great way for $41 you
cannot beat it because hey if you went
and bought the hair Boston with a pack
of Burmese saga maybe some eight inches
in a tenant tenants to get this style
you're going to spend at the bare metal
minimum maybe 45 dollars for just the
two packs okay forty dollars at the
lease if you got a good deal then you
got to find somebody to either so it in
or blue again that's another sewing in
at the bare minimum 50 bucks for a quick
weave
thirty dollars that's seventy dollars
Eddie got a maximum possibly 100 hours
you know we $41 and I can keep the style
too I like to find a buddy to do the
start over again I'm good wait so you
guys there's your budgeting own money
wise tip for the day or so I'm again her
name is Milky Way Remy saga in destiny I
am wearing a 1b got it from ww.com hair
wigs calm but $41 you might be able to
get a cheap on this weekend on the not
this weekend but next weekend for the
black friday sale or the cyber monday
sale or whatever they're happy I don't
know if she's going to be part of that
but hopefully she will because I need to
repurchase her into so I hope this was
helpful for you guys until the next time